cases/ajayinder-sangwan-and-ors-v-bar-council-of-delhi-ors.json harassment
cases/ajayinder-sangwan-and-ors-v-k-k-mohan.json land
cases/anil-ors-v-new-india-assurance-co-ltd-ors.json murder
cases/archit-saini-and-anr-v-the-oriental-insurance-company-ltd-and-ors.json theft
cases/arun-maan-ors-v-state-of-uttar-pradesh-ors.json land
cases/ashish-kumar-v-the-state-of-uttar-pradesh-ors.json land
cases/atul-thakur-v-state-of-himachal-pradesh-etc-etc.json murder
cases/authorized-officer-state-bank-of-travancore-and-another-v-mathew-k-c.json land
cases/auto-cars-v-trimurti-cargo-movers-pvt-ltd-ors.json land
cases/b-muthukrishnan-dead-by-l-rs-v-s-t-redddiar-educational-charitable-tru.json land
cases/chairman-cum-managing-director-ennore-port-trust-presently-known-as-ka.json land
cases/chhabildas-v-the-state-of-maharashtra-ors.json land
cases/commissioner-of-central-excise-service-tax-v-ultra-tech-cement-ltd.json harassment
cases/commissioner-of-customs-central-excise-and-service-tax-guntur-v-m-s-th.json harassment
cases/commissioner-of-income-tax-5-mumbai-v-m-s-essar-teleholdings-ltd-throu.json land
cases/dalip-singh-v-bhupinder-kaur.json land
cases/dinesh-kumar-kalidas-patel-v-the-state-of-gujarat.json harassment
cases/dr-akshya-bisoi-and-another-v-all-india-institute-of-medical-sciences-.json harassment
cases/ex-lt-col-r-k-rai-v-union-of-india-ors.json land
cases/flora-elias-nahoum-ors-v-idrish-ali-laskar.json land
cases/g-saraswathi-anr-v-rathinammal-ors.json land
cases/h-v-nirmala-anr-v-r-sharmila-anr.json land
cases/iq-city-foundation-anr-v-union-of-india-ors.json land
cases/jagtar-singh-ors-v-state-of-uttarakhand-ors.json land
cases/jayaprakash-anr-v-t-s-david-ors.json land
cases/kalawati-d-through-lrs-ors-v-rakesh-kumar-ors.json land
cases/kanaklata-das-ors-v-naba-kumar-das-ors.json land
cases/karnataka-live-band-restaurants-association-v-state-of-karnataka-ors.json harassment
cases/khatoon-ors-v-the-state-of-u-p-through-principal-secretary-ors.json land
cases/kurukshetra-university-v-prithvi-singh.json land
cases/lachhman-dass-v-resham-chand-kaler-and-anr.json theft
cases/latesh-dadu-baburao-karlekar-v-the-state-of-maharashtra.json murder
cases/maharashtra-housing-development-authority-v-shapoorji-pallonji-company.json land
cases/maharashtra-state-electricity-distribution-co-ltd-v-the-appellate-auth.json theft
cases/maharashtra-state-electricity-distribution-company-ltd-v-m-s-datar-swi.json harassment
cases/mauvin-godinho-v-state-of-goa.json theft
cases/maya-devi-d-through-lrs-ors-v-state-of-haryana-anr.json land
cases/mohd-anwar-v-the-oriental-insurance-company-ltd-anr.json land
cases/m-s-indian-farmers-fertilizer-co-operative-limited-v-m-s-bhadra-produc.json land
cases/m-s-maya-appliances-p-ltd-now-known-as-preethi-kitchen-appliances-pvt-.json land
cases/m-s-neerja-realtors-pvt-ltd-v-janglu-dead-thr-lr.json land
cases/m-s-ongc-mangalore-petrochemicals-ltd-v-m-s-ans-constructions-ltd-anr.json land
cases/mst-anusuiya-saraswatibai-anr-v-state-of-madhya-pradesh.json harassment
cases/m-s-universal-cylinders-limited-v-the-commercial-taxes-officer.json land
cases/mubin-shaikh-v-the-state-of-maharashtra-anr.json murder
cases/munusamy-ors-v-the-managing-director-tamil-nadu-state-transport-corpor.json murder
cases/naveen-kumar-v-vijay-kumar-and-ors.json land
cases/n-c-bansal-v-uttar-pradesh-financial-corporation-anr.json land
cases/new-india-assurance-co-ltd-v-vinish-jain-and-ors.json murder
cases/orissa-lift-irrigation-corp-ltd-v-rabi-sankar-patro-ors.json land
cases/pappu-and-ors-v-vinod-kumar-lamba-and-anr.json land
cases/rajeshwar-mahto-v-alok-kumar-gupta-g-m-m-s-birla-corporation-ltd.json land
cases/rambeer-shokeen-v-state-of-nct-of-delhi.json theft
cases/ramrao-lala-borse-and-anr-v-new-india-assurance-company-ltd-and-anr.json murder
cases/reliance-general-insurance-company-ltd-v-shalu-sharma-and-ors.json murder
cases/securities-and-exchange-board-of-india-v-rakhi-trading-private-ltd.json harassment
cases/shafhi-mohammad-v-the-state-of-himachal-pradesh.json land
cases/shajahan-v-state-rep-by-inspector-of-police.json murder
cases/shri-nagar-mal-and-ors-v-the-oriental-insurance-company-ltd-and-ors.json murder
cases/smt-anita-maria-dias-anr-v-the-state-of-maharashtra-anr.json land
cases/state-of-himachal-pradesh-v-trilok-chand-anr.json theft
cases/state-of-madhya-pradesh-through-principal-secretary-anr-v-mahendra-gup.json theft
cases/state-of-punjab-and-ors-v-thuru-ram.json land
cases/steel-authority-of-india-ltd-v-choudhary-tilotama-das-ors.json land
cases/sube-singh-and-anr-v-shyam-singh-dead-and-ors.json murder
cases/subhash-chander-bansal-v-gian-chand-and-ors.json theft
cases/sunita-singh-v-state-of-uttar-pradesh-and-others.json land
cases/surat-singh-dead-v-siri-bhagwan-ors.json land
cases/surender-singh-v-state-of-haryana-ors.json land
cases/surinder-v-nand-lal.json land
cases/the-animal-welfare-board-of-india-ors-v-union-of-india-ors.json harassment
cases/theiry-santhanamal-v-viswanathan-ors.json land
cases/the-state-of-karnataka-ors-v-shankar-baburao-kangralkar-anr.json theft
cases/the-state-of-madhya-pradesh-ors-v-manoj-sharma-ors.json land
cases/union-of-india-anr-v-pushpavathi-ors-etc.json land
cases/union-public-service-commission-etc-v-angesh-kumar-ors-etc.json harassment
cases/yogesh-mahajan-v-prof-r-c-deka-director-all-india-institute-of-medical.json theft
